good morning our inspector forgot
of himself
she is jedia guy
people don't fall like this i will help you well
so will protect everyone without a partner
Well, of course, well, honestly, I'm the first time
I hear that
Well, without a partner you can carry the service
have to not understand
nurse
Olaf 1 mistake is the way the city is what
descendants need palm tree patrols with people
until well, I think so as the inclusion
pay either get 1 row
by increased patrol but more
more then does not fall
between
yours
Well, I know there are special
things later which doubts were exactly
are engaged
cities do something therefore
cold then u have that area there constantly
Volodya 31
they weaken. success
go
such a
square
because there is Ukraine and why
why do you need pictures of the store ninety later
rushed
To friends such a bummer briefly explain
the situation here with this
the inspector here is a little bit higher here
the price of the wire is the administration
near which is the post and all
guilty inspectors of this forest
service here audany inspector he decided
just pin up and while one stands there
I was sure that he was alone there
that there is no car parked this
came here poking here so here
situation respected leadership here you
pin up an example like that we have people in
and your staff is van information well
and all other drivers about
our public service like her
ale seryozha
j was distracted but this is our situation
It will be now we will
to deal with parking which
fichechki expose the violation of paragraph
15-15 under
foreign objects on the roadway
waited when your and because no one
to pack
raspberry